1 Underwater Basket Weaving 010
0 Most colleges have required courses that you need to take depending on your major or other various factors. 
0 It differs between colleges, some of my friends go to different school and they have to take classes ive never heard of. Also depends on the major of the student
0 No matter what your major is, you should try to take a personal finance class. It teaches you really valuable skills that translate across majors, like the basics of investing your income and saving for retirement.
1 I wish
0 It depends on the institution and your major. Typically in my state an english, math, gender studies, and history class is all needed. Also a basic science course. We are also now mandated to take an online course in sexual assault and consent and I am interested to see how that plays out
1 What state requires gender studies?
0 Wisconsin. At least for their state schools which are typically more liberal arts than technical
0 I go to a Jesuit University in the Philippines and every student, no matter the course, goes through the same core curriculum which gets up to about half your total load. For most courses, freshman year is nothing but those core subjects and nothing to do with your major. 
0 In mostly the last two years, you take four classes in philosophy and four in theology. The same eight classes for everyone. For philosophy, it\'s philosophy of the human person I and II, philosophy of religion, and then ethics. For theology it\'s doing "an introduction to doing catholic theology", "marriage, family life and sexuality in a catholic perspective", "a theology of the catholic social vision", and "the catholic commitment of today\'s filipino: a synthesis."
0 Thankfully those two departments are considered to have the strongest faculties, and the good professors are beloved and often inspiring even to their atheist students. Two of the most popular from the theology department are pretty strongly liberal. One introduces himself as "a catholic, despite what the bishops may tell you" and is fully pro LGBT (supports gay marriage, for example) and pro choice. It\'s very interesting to see how they articulate their views theologically.
0 Earlier on it's basically more high school stuff, like literature, history, math and natural sciences. That's standard for most universities in the country because basic schooling has up until last year not covered enough.
0 Anything Humanities... Look for the good professors. It's a really great way to work on your critical thinking skills. Those classes have brought me so much in my professional life.
0 It's not real college unless you go through a few courses lf linear algebra, calculus and multi-variable calculus.
0 I honestly have a really hard time understanding what people do in college if they don't have any classes involving math. 
0 At my college it was so obvious who were studying what in the study areas. People who studied to become teachers and stuff would leave between 0-0PM, lawyers and economists around 5PM and me and the rest of the engineers would head home when we were being chased out.
0 Eh, i disagree. Tons of majors have 1 need for calculus outside of the problem solving ability aspect. 91% of the time simple trig/algebra will get you through day to day. And if you never take a physics class it feels even more pointless. 
0 I know, but I have a really hard time to wrap my head around what peoplr do in college then. In my head it doesn't feel like a real proper education unless you go through at least a bit of math. 
0 I can't wrap my head around that people go to college just to read and discuss books and write a few qualitative reports.
0 I can understand that. Im finishing up biochem but I also read a lot. So I enjoy the problem solving and learning processes and functions and creating, but i also get the desire to learn and understand and interpret something that isn't quantitative and not necessarily concrete. Different strokes, sounds like you're meant to be an engineer though